Can you add support for seasons?  So when one season is done, the coach should be able to clone the players, formations, etc. into the next season.  All information about the players should be specific to the season including their profile, metrics, etc.  But, they definitely should be the same player such that we could look back at a specific player's stats over several seasons.  If, for example, a player changes their profile picture in one season, it should not affect the previous season's profile picture.  Similarly, if one season a player is absent from the team, it shouldn't affect their presence in other seasons.
Please keep in mind that this feature will be used once or twice a year - just when the season changes, so it should not have a significant place in the app.  Maybe it could just be in a kebab pull down menu?


Before publishing this app, I'd like to make sure all of the dependencies are updated to the latest versions of everything.  Can you do this?


Now that we have custom team colors applying to styling themes, it looks like there may be places having contrast issues making it very difficult to read.  For example, on the home page, the remaining time in an active game looks very close to white text on a white background.  Can you fix all areas that have contrast issues due to team colors so everything is easy to read.  Also, I noticed on the team edit page that these team primary colors are not showing the saved values.  



On the home screen, under quick actions could you list any team that has had a game in the last 4 months?


Can you update the teams list page to use the same styling as the other team panels?

I think there should be 2 different reusuable components for displaying a team.  One is the bigger panel such as in the teams list page and the home page.  The other is a smaller panel that would be used on the top of the different pages in the header section.:wq





I'd like to add another team mode - so a team would be able to be configured as either doing full shift-based substitutions where the stopwatch counts down (which is what we currently have), OR they could select a typical substitution model where they basically just have one "shift" (although it's not really shift) and they do one-off player substitutions where they would get to choose which player to put in for which other player.  

Traditional Mode should still have stopwatch functionality.  But this time we'll need to know how long a half is.  This should be configurable similar to how shift time is configured for a team - but for the traditional mode.  Then we need a way to easily reset the timer when the second half starts.

Traditional mode should also keep track of playing time for each player and each position just like it does for shift mode.  If it's easier, we could think of traditional mode as similar to shift mode but just with one long shift.  This should be updated in the Metrics page as well. 

Also in traditional mode, can we show each players playing time next to their name with a little stopwatch for both active players, players sitting on the bench, and players being substituted in.  This would be especially helpful to the coach when determining which players may need a break and which players might be more rested to jump in!

The button to switch to the second half should be above the stopwatch next to the first half title. And, could you add a confirmation dialog to this start second half button if the coach tries to start the second half before the first half is over? 

In traditional mode, there should be no time to change shifts alerting notification.  Also, you can remove the stop button and just use start/pause.


Is updating those player metrics every second going to lead to possible issues with performance and battery life?  If so, we could probably update them every 10 seconds or so.  Oh, also, Can you fix all the dart analyze warnings?  

Can you analyze both game modes to make sure they both are working as expected?  Now that we added a Traditional Mode, I especially want to make sure the Shift Based mode is still working as expected.

In the shift-based game mode, the stopwatch should really act as an alarm where it continues to sound (for maybe a minute) until acknowledged.  In traditional mode, no alarm is necessary.

Team details updates: team logo

On the home page, I noticed that the time remaining for shift-based games is wrong.  For shift based games it should show time remaining for the shift and display the shift number instead of the half number.

Similar to the game metrics page, could you create a metrics page at the team level that shows all time metrics for that team - not just at a game level?


